Feat(enhancement): consider afterburners separately and allow them to have cooldown and duration (#7650)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/tooltips.txt

tip "afterburner thrust:"
	`Thrust produced by this afterburner.`

tip "afterburner cooldown:"

> 	`The takes it times for the afterburner to be available again.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	`The time it takes in seconds for the afterburner to be available again after the duration ends.`
```

> 	`The time it takes in seconds for the afterburner to be available again after the duration ends.`

Reviewer 2: It seems like the time isn't in seconds but in frames from what I can tell? Either way, it should be in frames like everything else.

tip "afterburner duration:"

> 	`The maximum length of time this afterburner can be used for, in a continuous manner, before requiring reload.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	`The maximum duration this afterburner can be used for. If this time is exceeded, this afterburner goes into a cooldown period.`
```
